This library is a git clone from <http://code.google.com/p/vvopensource/> with updates.


<td id="wikicontent" class="psdescription">
 <h1><a name="Introduction"></a>Introduction<a href="#Introduction" class="section_anchor"></a></h1><p>I write software for a living.  The more I write, the more I find myself using a couple basic classes, or putting together frameworks so I can re-use code.  This project is an ever-growing collection of simple frameworks which I can link against to reuse code I already wrote and make my life easier; hopefully, it makes your life a bit easier too. </p><p>All of these frameworks are contained in a single XCode project- as I write more frameworks, I link against code in other frameworks, so collecting everything together in a single project ensures that you can get everything necessary to compile all of these frameworks in one go- there are no external dependencies.  All of the code is always being worked on, and you should never assume that anything is "finished"- I would recommend updating the trunk whenever you get a chance.  Get in touch with me if you bump into an unfinished method or other oddity/problem- the code posted here is used in any number of other applications, and I'm always willing to fix or work on it. </p><h1><a name="How_to_get_help"></a>How to get help<a href="#How_to_get_help" class="section_anchor"></a></h1><p>You could create a new issue or you can email me directly- I'm the project owner, so my address is listed to the right.  If I'm really busy- a frequent occurrence- it will take me a while to respond to you. </p><h1><a name="What_does_this_project_include/do/make?"></a>What does this project include/do/make?<a href="#What_does_this_project_include/do/make?" class="section_anchor"></a></h1><p>   </p><ul><li>VVBasics is an Objective-C framework with a number of common classes which I find to be generally useful; other frameworks and applications in this project link against VVBasics. </li></ul><p></p><ul><li>VVOSC is an Objective-C framework for quickly and easily working with OSC data.  Capable of doing everything necessary to send and receive OSC data.  There are also targets for compiling, assembling, and installing an SDK which allows you to link against and use VVOSC on iPhones. </li></ul><ul><li>OSCTestApp is a Cocoa application used for testing and debugging OSC Applications (created entirely with VVOSC).  Capable of both sending and receiving a number of OSC data types, it also demonstrates the use of bonjour/zero-configuration networking to automatically auto-locate and set up OSC Input Ports for OSC destinations found on the local network.  In other words, two copies of OSCTestApp on different machines on the same local network will "see" each other, and automatically do the backend work necessary to send data to one another. </li></ul><ul><li>VVMIDI is an Objective-C framework for quickly and easily working with MIDI data. </li></ul><ul><li>MIDITestApp is a Cocoa application (created using VVMIDI) used to demonstrate the sending and receiving of MIDI data. </li></ul><p>   </p><ul><li>MIDIviaOSC is a Cocoa application (created using VVMIDI and VVOSC) that lets you send MIDI data to another computer on the internet via OSC </li></ul><p></p><ul><li>the CrashReporterTestApp is a Cocoa application (created using VVBasics) which demonstrates the use of the VVCrashReporter class and can also be used to test your server-side implementation </li></ul><h1><a name="I'm_not_a_programmer,_I_just_want_to_download_a_MIDI/OSC_te"></a>I'm not a programmer, I just want to download a MIDI/OSC test application!<a href="#I'm_not_a_programmer,_I_just_want_to_download_a_MIDI/OSC_te" class="section_anchor"></a></h1><p>Did you check the "Downloads" section? </p><h1><a name="How_to_use_these_frameworks_in_your_Mac_application"></a>How to use these frameworks in your Mac application<a href="#How_to_use_these_frameworks_in_your_Mac_application" class="section_anchor"></a></h1><p>The general idea is to compile the framework/frameworks you want to use, add them to your XCode project so you may link against them, and then set up a build phase to copy the framework into your application bundle.  This is fairly important: most of the time when you link against a framework, the framework is expected to be installed on your OS.  VVOSC, VVBasics, and VVMIDI are different: your application will include a compiled copy of the relevant framework(s), so you're guaranteed that the framework won't change outside of your control (which means you won't inherit bugs or have to deal with changed APIs until you're ready to do so).  Here's the exact procedure: </p><ol><li>Open the VVOpenSource project in XCode </li><li>In XCode, make the framework you need your active target.  Make sure the build mode is set to "Release"!  If your framework links against other frameworks (for example, VVOSC requries VVBasics), the other frameworks will be compiled automatically- you don't need to worry about them. </li><li>Build the target.  Your compiled framework(s) may be found in "./build/Release/".  You may now close the VVOpenSource project you opened in XCode. </li><li>Open your application's project file in XCode, and drag the compiled framework(s) into your XCode project so you can link against it/them.  If more than one framework was compiled in the last step, you need to add all of them to your XCode project! </li><li>From XCode's "Project" menu, add a new "Copy Files" build phase to your application/target.  You only need to do this once. </li><li>Change the destination of the "Copy Files" build phase you just created so the files are being copied into the 'Frameworks' folder within your app bundle. </li><li>Expand your application/target, and drag all of the frameworks you just added to your project into the copy files build phase you created in the last step.  Be sure to drag the frameworks <strong>from your project</strong> into the copy files build phase- you're not dragging from the Finder to XCode, you should be dragging from XCode to XCode! </li><li>Double-click your application/target in the left-hand list of your project window (or select it and get its info).  Click on the "Build" tab, locate the "Runpath Search Paths" setting, and add the following paths: "@loader_path/../Frameworks" and "@executable_path/../Frameworks". </li><li>That's it- you're done now.  You can import/include objects from the framework in your source just as you normally would. </li></ol><h1><a name="How_to_use_these_frameworks_in_a_plugin"></a>How to use these frameworks in a plugin<a href="#How_to_use_these_frameworks_in_a_plugin" class="section_anchor"></a></h1><p>If you're writing a plugin, you need to weak-link against these frameworks.  If you don't do this and the host app which loads your plugin has a different version of these frameworks installed, you won't know which version of the framework will get used- which usually means a crash and/or generally confusing and buggy behavior.  You can prevent this by weak-linking against the frameworks: your plugin will still contain its own copy of the framework, but if the host app has already loaded a different version of the framework that will be used instead. </p><ol><li>Follow the steps listed above for using these frameworks in a Mac application- you're going to be embedding a copy of these frameworks in your plugin just as you would for a mac app. </li><li>Double-click your plugin/target in the left-hand list of your project window (or select it and get its info).  Click on the "Build" tab, locate the "Other Linker Flags" setting, and add the following flags: "-weak_framework VVBasics", "-weak_framework VVOSC", "-weak_framework VVMIDI". </li></ol><h1><a name="How_to_use_VVOSC_in_your_iPhone_application"></a>How to use VVOSC in your iPhone application<a href="#How_to_use_VVOSC_in_your_iPhone_application" class="section_anchor"></a></h1><p>To the best of my knowledge, Apple doesn't allow you to use external libraries in iPhone apps, so the workaround is to compile VVOSC as a static library, install it on your dev machine as an SDK, and compile against it.  This entire process has been automated: here's all you need to do: </p><ol><li>Open the VVOpenSource project in XCode </li><li>In XCode, make "Build/Install VVOSC iPhone SDK" your active target.  Make sure the build mode is set to "Release", and build the target.  Each of the static libraries (iPhone, iPhone sim, and OS X) executes a shellscript which installs it as an SDK in ~/Library/SDKs/. </li><li>When it's done building, quit XCode, and then open your application's XCode project. </li><li>Double-click your application/target in the left-hand list in your project window (or select it and get its info).  Click on the "Build" tab. </li><li>Find the "Additional SDKs" option, and add "$HOME/Library/SDKs/VVOSC/$(PLATFORM_NAME).sdk" </li><li>Still in the "Additional SDKs" option, add "$HOME/Library/SDKs/VVBasics/$(PLATFORM_NAME).sdk" </li><li>Find the "Other Linker Flags" option, and add "-ObjC -lVVOSC -lVVBasics" </li><li>That's it- you're done now.  You can import/include objects from the VVOSC framework in your source code as you normally would (#import &lt;VVOSC/VVOSC.h&gt;). </li></ol><h1><a name="Using_VVBasics/VVOSC/etc._in_closed-source_iOS_applications"></a>Using VVBasics/VVOSC/etc. in closed-source iOS applications<a href="#Using_VVBasics/VVOSC/etc._in_closed-source_iOS_applications" class="section_anchor"></a></h1><p>Apple doesn't permit dynamic libraries to be used on iOS devices; as a result of this, the VVOSC SDK created by this project is a static library (you compile it, and then use the static lib to compile your iOS applications).  Recently it's been brought to my attention that the LGPL doesn't cover static libraries, so I hereby grant permission to treat the static lib compiled by this project as if it were a dynamic lib with respect to the terms of the LGPL.  All the terms and provisions which apply to dynamic libs are conferred to the VVOSC SDK.  If you have a question about this, feel free to either email me directly or open an issue in the project for clarification. </p><h1><a name="Documentation_and_sample_code"></a>Documentation and sample code<a href="#Documentation_and_sample_code" class="section_anchor"></a></h1><p>VVBasics uses Doxygen; a copy of the generated documentation is hosted here: </p><p><a href="http://vidvox.com/rays_oddsnends/vvbasics_doc/index.html" rel="nofollow">http://vidvox.com/rays_oddsnends/vvbasics_doc/index.html</a> </p><p>VVOSC uses Doxygen; a copy of the generated documentation is hosted here: </p><p><a href="http://vidvox.com/rays_oddsnends/vvosc_doc/index.html" rel="nofollow">http://vidvox.com/rays_oddsnends/vvosc_doc/index.html</a> </p>
 </td>